Create coreWebAPI.md (#228)
aspnet/AspNetDocs: aspnet/includes/coreWebAPI.md

> Consider using [ASP.NET Core Web API](/aspnet/core/web-api). It has the follow advantages over ASP.NET 4 Web API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using [ASP.NET Core web API](/aspnet/core/web-api). It has the following advantages over ASP.NET 4.x Web API:
```

> - ASP.NET Core is an open-source, cross-platform framework for building modern, cloud-based web apps on Windows, macOS, or Linux.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ASP.NET Core is an open-source, cross-platform framework for building modern, cloud-based web apps on Windows, macOS, and Linux.
```

> - The ASP.NET Core MVC controller and Web API controller are unified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ASP.NET Core MVC controllers and web API controllers are unified.
```

- Architected for testability.
- Ability to develop and run on Windows, macOS, and Linux.
- Open-source and community-focused.
- Integration of modern, client-side frameworks and development workflows.
- A cloud-ready, environment-based configuration system.
- Built-in dependency injection.
- A lightweight, high-performance, and modular HTTP request pipeline.

> - Ability to host on IIS, Nginx, Apache, Docker, or self-host in your own process.

Reviewer: Shouldn't Kestrel be listed here too now that it's suitable to be used as a public-facing edge server?

Author: See https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs/pull/14204

> - Ability to host on [Kestrel](/aspnet/core/fundamentals/servers/kestrel), IIS, Nginx, Apache, or Docker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ability to host on [Kestrel](/aspnet/core/fundamentals/servers/kestrel), [IIS](xref:host-and-deploy/iis/index, [HTTP.sys](xref:fundamentals/servers/httpsys), [Nginx](xref:host-and-deploy/linux-nginx), [Apache](xref:host-and-deploy/linux-apache), and [Docker](xref:host-and-deploy/docker/index).
```
